---
object-id: 1
layout: sponsor2018
permalink: sponsor2018/:title
date: 2010-01-01 11:00:00 -0600

title:  "Port Houston"
name: "Port Houston"
position: "Sponsor"
blurb: ""
categories: sponsors-main
image: "/res2018/people/Sponsor-Port-Houston.png"
website: "http://www.porthouston.com/"
---

**Port Houston is an economic engine that produces jobs and economic prosperity for the local and state economy. We are the proud sponsor of the Houston Ship Channel, and we facilitate and accommodate commerce and navigation. Port Houston strives to be America’s Distribution Hub for the Next Generation and we are ready for bigger things to come.**

Port Houston has been a leading port in the Gulf of Mexico for more than 100 years. Because markets are changing, we have prepared for new opportunities, relationships and progressive strategies necessary to be a leading port in today’s world of trade. We have unique differences that make us stand out from any other port, and our central location allows for easy access to large population centers in Texas and the Mid-West.

The acquisition of new super post-Panamax ship-to-shore cranes have enabled us to accommodate next generation container vessels. The new cranes are just a portion of the modernization projects taking place at our container terminals to meet future demands and opportunities. And, we’re not just moving breakbulk and containers, we are leaders in many other areas related to waterways, infrastructure and beyond. It’s true that everything is bigger in Texas… Better too.