---
layout: person2018
youtube: 
otherlinks: 
permalink: person2018/:title
date: 2018-02-24 12:00:00 -0600

title:  "Amit Daga"
name: "Mr. Amit Daga"
position: "Executive Partner, Ricoh USA"
blurb: ""
categories: speakers
image: "/res2018/people/Amit-Daga.jpg"
---

Amit Daga is Executive Partner at Ricoh America where he leads business development for the Insurance market and is helping accelerate Ricoh's migration to being a services led firm. As a leader in the digital transformation of the enterprise, Amit is focused on helping companies fundamentally change how they operate and add value to their own customers.

Amit has nearly 20 years of Technology and Services experience. Most recently, Amit was Senior Vice President and Account Executive at Atos, which is a global diversified IT Services firm. In this role he led the Healthcare Payer market segment for Atos and had end-to-end P&L responsibility for the entire market. Prior to this, Amit lead the Digital Workplace capability function for Atos, where he led a global team of over 2500 employees. Before that, Amit was at Hewlett Packard where he held a diversity of leadership roles spanning Corporate strategy, Portfolio management, Service Delivery and Account management. Amit started his career at Texas Instruments making advanced microchips and credits TI for a great career launch.

 Amit has a Master’s Degree in Chemical Engineering from the Arizona State University, an MBA from UT Austin and is an alum of the Harvard Business School. He is part of the Harvard Business School Healthcare Initiative and sits on the board of the HBS Club of Dallas.